---
title: U31
date: 2017-07-08 18:33:05
tags: WSE
---
# UNIT 31 
## lesson 1
### Dialogue 1
>Shen: Good morning Lili!
>Lili: Hi Shen ,I want show you this.
>Shen: Is that the video game everyone is talking about?
>lili: Yes, this is... No one has it yet. This is an early copy.
>Shen: How did you get it?
>Lili: I can get anything.
>Shen：I'm impressed
>Lili: Do you want to play?
>Shen: I don't konw how. I don't play video games.
>Lili: Excues me. Everyone play video games
>Shen: Can anyone do it?
>Lili: Anyone with hands can play video games, Shen.So you really konw little about video games?
>Shen: I don't know anything about them
>Lili: I don't have anyone to play with, so you are going to be my partner.
>Shen: Can we play here?
>Lili: Yes, we can play anywhere.
>Shen: I don't know. This is not something I usually do during my motning routine Benny plays video game, not me.
>Lili: Come on let's play just for few minutes. I need a partner. Video games are fine. You have nothing to lose.
>Shen: You don't have anyone to play with?
>Lili: No, no one can play with me, everyone is busy.
>Shen: Okay, fine. I do anything you ask me do because you are my friend.
>Lili: Great.
>Shen: I can only play a few minutes.Wow this controler is thick, it not thin at all.
>Lili: It's not too thick. Is your arm going to tired?
>Shen: No.
>Lili: Okay, do you see that little ball?
>Shen: Yeah.
>Lili: That's what you used to move left or right.
>Shen: The ball moves left or right.
>Lili: If you press the round button, you jump.If you press the square button, you run.Any questions?
>
>Shen: The round button jumps, the square button runs, and the ball moves left or right. Got it.
>Lili: Oh, try to use the circle, that's how you score the point
>Shen: What's 
>Lili: The round thing on screen. It's easy.
>Shen: Okay.
>Lili: let's play.

#### Vocabulary
advace
expect
buddy
bump
forbid
home-cooked
button
idiot
circle
loser
console
knife
controller
Middle_Eastern
copy
nephew
niece
death
opposit
partner
thick
recommend
thin
round
touch
routine
violent
screen 
winner
sharp
won
sometime
yet
sports-oriented
square

#### Extend
plug in
I know my keys are here somewhere, but I can't find anywhere. 
I invited for friends to dinner.
John is upset. He afraid his lif
#### Topics
anything
anyone 
no one
something
nothing
evetything
anything
somewhere
anywhere
nowhere

### Dialogue 2
Shen: In the circle, in the cercle, Now press the round button 
Lili: I'm trying.
Shen: I won, you are right,video games are great.
Lili: Wow,we have play for an hour. We sheould stop.
Shen: let's just play a few more games.
Lili: Okay.
Shen: Wow. come on!
Lili: Maybe we should to take a break.
ShenL NO way.
Lili: I have to go,I'm just to take a game with me 
Shen: you must not touch that.
Lili: Okay,I'm going to leave.
Shen: In your face.
Benny: Hi Lili
Lili: Benny. I'm so     here.I'm worry about Shen
Benny: What do you mean?
Lili: Take a look.
Shen: Good luch! loser
Lili: He is palying his first video games,he just play for at list 5 hours,he may plays all night.
Banny: You must listen to me Lili.this is an important. 
Lili: What?
Benny: We should stop him.
Lili: I know, how do we do that?
Benny: Well he must sleep some time.I'm going to ask a few friends to come here tomorrow morning. We can talk to him.
Lili: Okay,I can meet you at 8 a.m.
Benny: Sounds good, see you then. Hey buddy
Shen: Yes! NO! come on! idiot!
Benny: Alright? good night mate!
Shen：。。。。。。。。。。

#### Vocabulary
art
end
likeround
bitenjoy
lots offrule
bonus
front mind
saying
bothgoal
miaerable
secret
calm
gotcha
mostsome
career
habit
motivation
start
client
hand
native
succeed
discover
quite
suggest
partthan
disLike
ignorepart
than
liar
pieceunhappy
download
lift rest
whenever
dream
as well as
in other worrds
in the same bothgoal
stick out
put it in another way
you name it
lie down
#### Topics
must be
might be 
may be
turn down
turn on 
turn off

#### Extend
we played this game for 2 hours, we should probably stop now.
have you got any plans for the weekend


## lesson 2
### Dialogue 1

Benny: Shen you must stop, can you hear me?
Lili: How was he? 
Benny: He played all night
Lili: Oh no! What do we do now?
Benny: I'm invite everyone in this apartment.
Lili: Ready guys? Let do this
Shen: Guys, What are you doing?I can't see the game.Benny and Lili     to give me to move,Hey! turn it on
Lili: Shen, This is an intervention
Shen: I just run my
Lili: Not people like you. We are friends,But someones are worry abuot you.
Shen: Why I'm fine
John: Shen I want give you a bit of advice. Put the controller down.
Shen: why? I'm having fun.Lots of people play video games, Some of them love playing them then I do.
Lili: You played this video games for the last thirty-six hours.
Mis. Barry: That's a lot of time Shen.
Shen: That's not a lot of time.
Paz: would you like some of my apple.
Shen: No, I don't want that.
Lili: Shen, just eat a piece of fruit.
Shen: Okay, I can eat a bit of the apple
Benny: Look at yourself man.where are your socks.
Shen: I lose both of my socks, They are who somewhere.
Sofi: Shen, It's ok to stop your new hobbies. I have a hobby to cook everything, because I love it. But I don't ignore other important thing in my life,that's the same ...
Mis Barry: That's true. John has a habby to carry a video camera other time that hobby can help him find his career, but he doesn't work down other things.
John: Shen we want you to take care of yourself.
Shen: You are right.I know what happen to me.Thanks guys.I'm happy that Banny don't play video games whenever I want

#### Extend
shuts the TV off
stay up late
get a lot of sleep
left lot of food
a few of
most of
both of
a lot of
a piece of
lots of 
none of
a bit of
a small part of
all of
a little bit
the other two
#### Topics

how is your day
Jack is smart, but he lacks motivation
I was determined to succeed
the act of becoming involved in an argument, fight, or other difficult situation in order to change what happens
intervention
government intervention to regulate prices
stick out :keep going
stick with : go on doing
stick on :paste
stric to :follow
above
behind
next to
in the front of
in the back of
in the middle
bellow

### Dialogue 2
Tood: khey? I didn't see you. I were just looking for my pen, I think I left here I coulden't find it, so I bought a new one yesterday, aha, here it is 
:you were looking for my drawings? Which one do you like?
:I wasn't looking your drawings, Okay, I saw one.
:which one did you see?
:I don't remember
:Tood what make the drawings that you stick out your pocket
:Oh I don't know anyone getting there, anyway this isn't above me .this is above the rule in the company, the rule say that the employees must stay on their disks.
:I was just getting a coffee,Tood! I like drink one in the afternoon.
:Okay, Don't let it happen again
:Hello khey, how are you?
:Not great Mis Barry.
:whell don't you stand in the middle of the hallway. Come in! please don't stand behind me,dear you mak me nevers
:I'msorry Mis Barry.
:Come stand next to me, and tell me what's wrong.
:Today I went to the bark of the office to get a coffe, and when I returnd to my disk I saw my boss stealing my drawings
:That not good,How much milk would like in your tea?
:Just bellow that line please
:No problem
:Thank you
：So your boss was in front of the office stealing your ideas when you were back?
:Yeah.
:Oh dear let go sit and cheat about it.
:Here, sit in front of me and tell me everything,don't sit over there,come to sit near me, Khae.
:He steals my ideas all the time.I don't know what to do because he is my boss.
:That is a quite problem,this reminds me a native I saw in South Aerica.
:Oh I don't think I need a story right now
:There was 1985, My parter and I searched the country for an important pieces of history.We looked all over the South Aerica. After two year My partner missed home and left.Then one day,I discovered a piece of art which was thousand years ago I was along
:what elae did you different?
:There was enough art which are amazing.
:And then What happened?
:Once we returned home,my partner saids, he made the discovers, I was angry.but then I remembered I was the real action who made this discovers,so I focused about that,
:That a good listen , Mis Barry
:Litter, someone told his boss that he was a lier,he was lose his trust.
:Wow, what do you think Tood then?
:Never mind that, dear.What is important is that I never lose my motivation to succeed.Come on, let me make you some more tea.
:You know what, I feel so mach batter,Thank you Mis Barry,I should problely leave and
:Oh that reminds me I have another funny story I have to share, there was 1979.....

#### Extend
 in the front on the left


### Dialogue 3

Anchor: And now for this week trans talk. Last week we talk about job trends in three populary fields tecnology, food in restaurant, and medical work. Today we'll look at a new trends, the changing roal of a employment agency and helping people follow their hearts.
With us today is Payjoe , owner of the dream job employment agency, welcome Payjoe, tell us little about you agency, what's different about it?

Payjoe: Well, as the name of dream job suggest, our goal is to try to find people jobs that are perfect for them, this means job that can make them happy, because they are using their tlents and skills to do something they love. In other words we don't find people just any other job that give them a paycheck

Anchor: What do you mean?

Payjoe: There is a famous saying that I found in the internet somewhere,I don't remember who said it, but it impressed me a lot. Choose the job you love and you'll never have to work a day in your life, they put another way, if you have a job that you love, work isn't work, it's something you enjoy, you know I mean, it's something you look forward to when you weak up in the morning , and something that you put small on your face when you thing about at the end of the a long day.

Anchor: So what' your secret, I mean how do you help people find a perfect job?

Payjoe: I make a happy to really get my clients. That means learning about their likes and dislikes and what they do in their free time. All ot this help us to put a right person with a right job.

Anchor: And can you say the only thing that of dream jobs is your dream job?

Payjoe: For sure. but took me well to figure that out. When I was in high school and college, I thought I would to be an actor. I was in the theater club, and I acted a lot of plays. I was always the no1 actor. But after college, I couldn't find any acting jobs, and job I did find texi driver, waitter, shop assistant mainly feel horrible. A lot of my coluges and friends were in the same boat. In other words, many of these friends won't at all happly in their work. I knew an unhappy teachers, miserable business people, you name it, we met ever week and we talked about our problems. And after while, I figure it out.

Anchor: Can you explain men? what did you figure out?

Payjoe: Sorry, I mean I finally figure out that my dream job, with happing people find their dream jobs. That's the thing that really makes me happy. And that how I get this idea to start dream jobs. And guess what? I work really hard. but I love going to the work in the morning and have a small on my face when I come home at night

Anchor: Interesting. And so you find a correct Payjoe. Dreams job is one of the many agencies today. But looking at who people are want jobs that they can do make them happy. After the break, we talk more ablut other agencies like dream jobs.

## lesson 3
### Dialogue 1

#### Extend
 
#### Vocabulary
appetizer
exotic
medium